Who you are:
Naturally inquisitive and excited to create new methodologies and systems

I am always curious about how things actually works. If I don't understand or familer with a topic, I will spend time put in the 
hours until it clicks in my brain and be able to explain to others in simple words. So for the last question in the hacker rank I am not really familer with how restful api works, after the accessment I give a call to my friend who are more familer with
this topic, we talked and discuss about what online resources I can read, what small project is a good start to pratice about it. Because i believe the best way to understand a unknown topic is through a small project.


A team player, looking to maximize efforts through collaboration
- in past job as a repair technician, there is an example I have as a team player and looking to maximize efforts through
collaboration, there is one time just me and the other person in the store, but we have a lot of customers come in for repair. about 10 to 15 devices in the queue waiting for
repair. So we dicuss a plan, since I am good at communicating with the customer at the front desk and quicker at the check in check out workflow, I told him I will stay here all day today. And including the phone calls I will take care of it 
And since he is faster at repairing I tell him, just focus on repair don't worry about customer at the front and the calls
at the end of the day before we close the store, we finished all the repairs in the queue with just two of us 

A problem-solver, a hurdle-jumper, a barrier-smasher

One story of I am a problem-solver, a hurdle-jumper, a barrier-smasher, is on my free time I am into competitve programming. do questions in leetcode in varies ways. have a call with my friend to dicuss
ways to solve the problem, whats the trade off for space and time complexity in different approaches.  



Self-Motivated and excels in high-pressure, fast-paced environment

I have a story to show why I am self-motivated and excels in high-pressure, fast-paced environments.In my current job as a data analyst. When I got in to my team, the person with the most experience left the team. I have to pick up the software they used with minimum assistant. Since the software is used internally in the health system. there is not a lot of toturials in google search.
But I didn't just give up, I spend 2-3 days to find all the resources online related to this software, and I found couple useful ones, also I start to think what other resources I have, I though about my direct manager he used to be the same position as me, 
and the other is the tech support of the software the company partner with . I spent 2-3 weeks to read through the manuels and videos I found write down questions I have, and the part I was confused. and try to schedule a meeting with my manager at least once a week to go over 
but my manager is a busy person so the other approach I utilize is  the tech support, ask them question I stuck, And in our queue there are a lot of tasks pile up prior during covid time around 90 unassign requests. also daily there are more requests added to the
queue and certain project is related to medical emrgency have shorter deadline. At the beginning I was very anxious about the I am picking up the tools too slow, but later on I learn I just have to do my best daily. The work is always there, and added in daily. take your time quality over speed
so I start to spend more time learning understand it, rather than just rush through and catch up the speed of learning.





